Listener support/external access (#450)
stackabletech/hdfs-operator: docs/modules/hdfs/pages/usage-guide/listenerclass.adoc

= Service exposition with ListenerClasses

> The Operator deploys a Listener for each DataNode and NameMode pod. They both default to only being accessible from within the Kubernetes cluster, but this can be changed by changing `.spec.{data,name}Nodes.config.listenerClass`.

Reviewer: * There should be a link to the Listener or ListenerClass documentation.
* NameMode -> NameNode

```suggestion
The operator deploys a xref:listener-operator:listener.adoc[Listener] for each DataNode and NameNode pod. They both default to only being accessible from within the Kubernetes cluster, but this can be changed by setting `.spec.{data,name}Nodes.config.listenerClass`.
```
